---
layout: post
title: Homework 0
---

The purpose of this homework assignment is to get you set up with the software tools we'll use in PIC16B, including Anaconda, git + GitHub, and Jekyll. 

## §1. Install and Configure Anaconda

Follow the instructions [here](https://philchodrow.github.io/PIC16B/installation/) to install and configure Anaconda. Note that you are required to submit a screencap on CCLE to verify your installation. 

## §2. GitHub

Create an account on [GitHub](https://github.com/). 

## §3. GitHub Desktop

*This step is optional, but strongly recommended.* 

Download [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/), a graphical client for working with `git`. If you do not use GitHub Desktop (or another graphical client), you will need to work with `git` from the command line. 

Connect your GitHub Desktop app to your GitHub account. 

## §4. Create Your Blog

Follow the instructions at [this post]({{ site.baseurl }}/setup) to create an online copy of your blog for PIC16B. 

## §5. Configure Local Editing

*This step is optional, but strongly recommended.*

Follow the instructions at [this post]({{ site.baseurl }}/local-editing) to create a synced copy of your website files on your local computer that you can use to create modifications to your site. 

## §6. Compose a Post

Create a simple Python blog post, using the instructions and demonstrations [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/composing). Here is the prompt for your post: 

> Write a tutorial explaining how to construct an interesting data visualization of the [Palmer Penguins](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PhilChodrow/PIC16B/master/datasets/palmer_penguins.csv) data set. 

Your visualization does not have to be complex or fancy, but it should be highly readable and appropriately labeled. Here are the requirements for your post: 

1. Your post should have lots of **explanatory text.** Your goal is to explain to someone how to create the visualization! Make sure to explain any functions you use from `pandas` or `matplotlib`, for example. 
2. Your post should include **all the code needed** to construct the visualization. Show us everything! 
3. Your post should include the image directly under the code that generates it, as demonstrated [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/composing) and [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/example-post). 
4. Your post should include the use of the `got-help` and `gave-help` environments demonstrated [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/composing) and [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/example-post). Feel free to put some filler text within these environments, since you won't be giving or receiving peer feedback on this assignment.

Commit and push your post to publish it to the web. On CCLE, submit a link to your published post. 

***Hint***: You can typically use `pd.read_csv(url)` to read a CSV file directly from a supplied URL string. If this doesn't work, download the data as a CSV file and read it in locally. 
